10287: Use support email in the system email message 'closing' text (#10504)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/10287-use-support-address-in-system-email-text.md

### Notification Email Improvement

> The system email text has been improved to use the support email address (`dataverse.mail.support-email`) in the text where it states; 'contact us for support at', instead of the default system email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The system email text has been improved to use the support email address (`dataverse.mail.support-email`) in the text where it states; "contact us for support at", instead of the default system email address.
```
